Mention HID Explorer tool (#7203)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/hid/index.md

  <figcaption>Internal page in Chrome to debug HID.</figcaption>
</figure>

> Check out the [HID explorer][hid-explorer] web app tool for dumping HID devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [HID explorer][hid-explorer] for dumping HID device
```
